<collec></collec>
<descri></descri>
<locati></locati>
<title>Page 1</title>
<prefer></prefer>
<creato></creato>
<contri></contri>
<relatid></relatid>
<usage></usage>
<titlea></titlea>
<findin></findin>
<altern></altern>
<creata></creata>
<contra></contra>
<creati></creati>
<date></date>
<descra></descra>
<subjec></subjec>
<subjea></subjea>
<subjeb></subjeb>
<subjed></subjed>
<subjee></subjee>
<coordi></coordi>
<geonam></geonam>
<digita></digita>
<reposi></reposi>
<host></host>
<copyri></copyri>
<additi></additi>
<transc>.. ,
THE EMPLOYEE FORUM
The University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
CB# 3380
Chapel Hill, NC
(919) 962-6706
FAX 962-1277
EMPLOYEE FORUM MINUTES
DECEMBER 2, 1992
MEMBERS IN ATTENDANCE
Margaret Balcom '
Kathleen Benzaquin
Sylvia Buckner
Linda Chegash
Hilda Durham
Richard Ellington
Libby Evans
Esphur Foster
Charles Gallagher
Jimmy Hart
Dottie Howell
Linda Lane
Anne Montgomery
Ed Phillips
LaBron Reid
Fred Schroeder
Pam Siler
Marsha Tinnen
Kay Wijnberg
Beverly Williams
CALL TO ORDER
Bertina Baldwin
Myrna Bower
Robyn Catlett
Steve Copeland
Ann Edwards
Marie Evans
Martin Feinstein
Linwood Futrelle
Dee Gold
Louis Herndon
James Johnson
Mike Lewis
Linda Naylor
Phil Poythress
Darryl Russell
Edna Sheets
Brenda Snipes
Sylvia White
Jeannie Williams
Carolyn Williams
The meeting was called to order at 10:04 a.m.by Forum Chair Kay Wijnberg. She discussed
materials that were recently distributed to Forum delegates and mentioned that these
would be helpful to have to see what people are talking about and doing on campus. The
floor was given to Laurie Charest for opening remarks
OPENING REMARKS
Laurie thanked the Chair and stated that the Forum was in an important juncture in the
formation of the Forum. Time was spent determining important issues, input has been
solicited from represented employees, the first community meeting was held where a range
of comments, complaints, and suggestions were heard. She stated that the challenge faced
by the Forum now was to sort through the issues, prioritize them, educate ourselves about
the issues, and establish a Forum position and perhaps proposals for action. The task will
not be easy as there is already a broad spectrum of issues with many different views on
the issues. As the process is begun, Laurie wanted to remind the Forum members were
elected by their peers to represent them. Delegates come here with a vote of confidence in
1^M</transc>
<captio></captio>
<notes></notes>
<titleb></titleb>
<contrb></contrb>
<sponso></sponso>
<relate></relate>
<author></author>
<publis></publis>
<place></place>
<catalo></catalo>
<is></is>
<has></has>
<form></form>
<resour></resour>
<medium></medium>
<condit></condit>
<langub></langub>
<physic></physic>
<creatb></creatb>
<stylep></stylep>
<volume></volume>
<scale></scale>
<projec></projec>
<map></map>
<mapa></mapa>
<curren></curren>
<path></path>
<local></local>
<creatc></creatc>
<search></search>
<pagina></pagina>
<sort></sort>
<fullrs></fullrs>
<find>17927.pdfpage</find>
<dmoclcno></dmoclcno>
<dmaccess></dmaccess>
<dmimage></dmimage>
<dmcreated>2014-04-29</dmcreated>
<dmmodified>2014-04-29</dmmodified>
<dmrecord>17926</dmrecord>
<collec></collec>
<descri></descri>
<locati></locati>
<title>Page 2</title>
<prefer></prefer>
<creato></creato>
<contri></contri>
<relatid></relatid>
<usage></usage>
<titlea></titlea>
<findin></findin>
<altern></altern>
<creata></creata>
<contra></contra>
<creati></creati>
<date></date>
<descra></descra>
<subjec></subjec>
<subjea></subjea>
<subjeb></subjeb>
<subjed></subjed>
<subjee></subjee>
<coordi></coordi>
<geonam></geonam>
<digita></digita>
<reposi></reposi>
<host></host>
<copyri></copyri>
<additi></additi>
<transc>,"
judgement and ability to deal effectively with these issues. Not all delegates come here to
represent the same views, and that is as it should be. Employees could not be represented
if all delegates represented the same views.
Laurie then presented a challenge to the Forum as work is begun on the agenda. The
challenge is to treat the opinions and feelings of each Forum member, and each member of
the University community with respect. The road ahead will not be easy, but the Forum is
entrusted with an important responsibility. Many are watching carefully and hoping that
this Forum will be a very important. positive influence on the University. She asked each
of the members to recall the excitement at the first meeting of the Forum stating that it is
now time to put that energy and enthusiasm to work in making this University a better
place for all employees. She then wished the Forum good luck.
The Forum Chair stated that the challenge would be taken to heart with agreement from the
members.
MINUTES
LaBron Reid stated that because of the holiday and scheduling problems the minutes were
not able to be mailed prior to the meeting. copies were distributed at this meeting. He
requested that the members look over them and point anything that should be amended.
He stated that in the future he hoped to have them distributed sooner.
The Chair asked if he were ready to move to adopt or amend the minutes. Action on
adopting the minutes was postponed until later in the meeting due to members not having
had time to review the minutes.
PRESENT ATIONS
The floor was opened to anyone who wished to address the Forum. Mike Lewis stated that
they had inquiries on how to make a reservation to speak but no concrete requests were
received to speak.
REVIEW OF PARLIAMENTARY PROCEDURE
The Chair stated that it was recommended to her that the Forum might spend a few minutes
discussing parliamentary procedure. She stated that the group could have someone with
formal parliamentary procedure training come in and do a mini-session on it if need be.
A brief explanation of the voting, preliminary discussion, motions and seconding was
given by the Chair. Some other general discussion of the procedure also followed.
DIVISIONAL ELECTION OF NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Chair stated that the officers had come to the conclusion that it would be beneficial if
the Executive Committee were elected as opposed to appointing it. It was also
recommended that the three officers would be the representatives on the Committee from
the districts represented by them. The Chair asked if there were any objection of
proceeding with the election of the Executive Committee as described. There being none
the the Forum broke up into their divisions to elect representatives, except for divisions
I, 6, and 9. which are represented by the Forum officers.
The election results follow:
Division 1: Kay Wijnberg Division 6: LaB ron Reid
2
^M</transc>
<captio></captio>
<notes></notes>
<titleb></titleb>
<contrb></contrb>
<sponso></sponso>
<relate></relate>
<author></author>
<publis></publis>
<place></place>
<catalo></catalo>
<is></is>
<has></has>
<form></form>
<resour></resour>
<medium></medium>
<condit></condit>
<langub></langub>
<physic></physic>
<creatb></creatb>
<stylep></stylep>
<volume></volume>
<scale></scale>
<projec></projec>
<map></map>
<mapa></mapa>
<curren></curren>
<path></path>
<local></local>
<creatc></creatc>
<search></search>
<pagina></pagina>
<sort></sort>
<fullrs></fullrs>
<find>17928.pdfpage</find>
<dmoclcno></dmoclcno>
<dmaccess></dmaccess>
<dmimage></dmimage>
<dmcreated>2014-04-29</dmcreated>
<dmmodified>2014-04-29</dmmodified>
<dmrecord>17927</dmrecord>
<collec></collec>
<descri></descri>
<locati></locati>
<title>Page 3</title>
<prefer></prefer>
<creato></creato>
<contri></contri>
<relatid></relatid>
<usage></usage>
<titlea></titlea>
<findin></findin>
<altern></altern>
<creata></creata>
<contra></contra>
<creati></creati>
<date></date>
<descra></descra>
<subjec></subjec>
<subjea></subjea>
<subjeb></subjeb>
<subjed></subjed>
<subjee></subjee>
<coordi></coordi>
<geonam></geonam>
<digita></digita>
<reposi></reposi>
<host></host>
<copyri></copyri>
<additi></additi>
<transc>.,
Division 2: Jimmy Hart Division 7: Phil Poythress
Division 3: Charles Gallagher Division 8: Libby Evans
Division 4: Marie Evans Division 9: Ed Phillips
Division 5: Linda Chegash
Nominations were then requested for the Nominating Committee and the Committee
members are listed below:
Edna Sheets
Carolyn Williams
Pam Siler
Ed Phillips
Dottie Howell
Esphur Foster
Mike Lewis made a motion to take the persons nominated by acclimation. The motion was
seconded and passed.
The Chair requested that Ed Phillips Chair the Committee if there were no objections.
There being no objections. Ed Phillips was made chair of the Nominating Committee.
OTHER ISSUES
Joint Forum/Faculty Council contact with Legislature.
Tentative List of recommendations for Chancellor after 1 anuary Forum meeting.
The Chair stated that she had spoken to Faculty Chair. Jim Peacock, that a meeting
between the Forum and the Faculty Council take place along with Legislators. Jim Peacock
has shown interest and has contacted D. G. Martin at General Administration to discuss
the issue with him. D.G. suggeste~. tha~~sed with Jay Robinson. The Chair is
waiting for Jim Peacock to return ~n-_ [6 "discuss the issue further in order to set
up the meeting in the proper manner. She stated she would write something when more
details were available. The Chair requested comments on this issue.
- ~ l~Sylvia Buckner stated that she had been at a reception to welcome new congressman. Two
r ( ~freslun-e.R-Gm:l-g-J: were at the reception and Senator George Daniel. She had the opportunity to speak with e and he relayed to her that the State of North Carolina for
the first time in a long time is in the black and things are looking a little bit better than
the news tells us. She also requested that the two freshmen senators be put on committees
for State employees.
The Chair stated that there were a lot of changes in the General Assembly, and it is not
and may not be clear until the committees meet exactly how to proceed but at a minimum it
doesn't hurt to begin to get to know those people and have opportunities to talk to them
personally. How the structure would be set up yet is something to be worked out. Ideas
are welcome.
Sylvia Buckner stated that the thing to do is try to get as many of them on committees that
affect our umbrella.
The Chair stated that she had also suggested to Jim Peacock that we try to meet with the
key leadership in the General Assembly, how our local legislators would fit in isn't quite
clear yet, but she suggested to him that we try to have a session with him, Dan Blue and
Dennis Wicker. Those two as a possibility with additional contacts that may be
appropriate to work it out.
3^M</transc>
<captio></captio>
<notes></notes>
<titleb></titleb>
<contrb></contrb>
<sponso></sponso>
<relate></relate>
<author></author>
<publis></publis>
<place></place>
<catalo></catalo>
<is></is>
<has></has>
<form></form>
<resour></resour>
<medium></medium>
<condit></condit>
<langub></langub>
<physic></physic>
<creatb></creatb>
<stylep></stylep>
<volume></volume>
<scale></scale>
<projec></projec>
<map></map>
<mapa></mapa>
<curren></curren>
<path></path>
<local></local>
<creatc></creatc>
<search></search>
<pagina></pagina>
<sort></sort>
<fullrs></fullrs>
<find>17929.pdfpage</find>
<dmoclcno></dmoclcno>
<dmaccess></dmaccess>
<dmimage></dmimage>
<dmcreated>2014-04-29</dmcreated>
<dmmodified>2014-04-29</dmmodified>
<dmrecord>17928</dmrecord>
<collec>Employee Forum of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Records</collec>
<descri>40299</descri>
<locati>Series 1. Minutes, 1992-2000.</locati>
<title>Folder 5: Forum Meetings, January 1992-December 1996: PDF</title>
<prefer>[Identification of item], in the Employee Forum of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Records #40299, University Archives, The Wilson Library, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.</prefer>
<creato>folder</creato>
<contri>folder_5</contri>
<relatid>40299_0005.pdf</relatid>
<usage></usage>
<titlea></titlea>
<findin></findin>
<altern></altern>
<creata></creata>
<contra></contra>
<creati></creati>
<date></date>
<descra></descra>
<subjec></subjec>
<subjea></subjea>
<subjeb></subjeb>
<subjed></subjed>
<subjee></subjee>
<coordi></coordi>
<geonam></geonam>
<digita></digita>
<reposi></reposi>
<host></host>
<copyri></copyri>
<additi></additi>
<transc></transc>
<captio></captio>
<notes></notes>
<titleb></titleb>
<contrb></contrb>
<sponso></sponso>
<relate></relate>
<author></author>
<publis></publis>
<place></place>
<catalo></catalo>
<is></is>
<has></has>
<form></form>
<resour></resour>
<medium></medium>
<condit></condit>
<langub></langub>
<physic></physic>
<creatb></creatb>
<stylep></stylep>
<volume></volume>
<scale></scale>
<projec></projec>
<map></map>
<mapa></mapa>
<curren></curren>
<path></path>
<local></local>
<creatc></creatc>
<search></search>
<pagina></pagina>
<sort></sort>
<fullrs>Volume120/40299_0005.pdf</fullrs>
<find>17941.cpd</find>
<dmoclcno></dmoclcno>
<dmaccess></dmaccess>
<dmimage></dmimage>
<dmcreated>2014-04-29</dmcreated>
<dmmodified>2014-04-29</dmmodified>
<dmrecord>17940</dmrecord>